Update README (#261)
20tab/talos: README.md

## 🧩 Requirements

The Talos script can be run either using Docker or a Python virtual environment.

### 🐋 Docker

In order to run Talos via Docker, a working [Docker installation](https://docs.docker.com/get-docker/) is the only requirement.

### 🐍 Virtual environment

> In order to run Talos as a shell command, first clone the repository in a local projects directory

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to run Talos in a virtual environment, first clone the repository in a local projects directory and ensure it is your current directory:
```
